just God
nothing
city most
hi guys how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen tonight I am showing you
how to make apple crumble cupcakes and
this is what they looked like
chi-ching amazing huh so you've got like
a walnut an apple topping we were
cinnamon kick in there as well you gotta
love it and that's what I'm serving out
with a bit of ice cream there and they
are very nice that's how I did it right
I think I said with a power of
technology in a funky Edison you already
know what these look like but how do you
make them let's have a look at the
ingredients and find out this is gonna
be so quick so easy whoa right I've
split it into two sections basically you
guys me nice and easy let's go for the
topping bit first the crumble they see
what I've got there is 50 grams of
caster sugar an apple 50 grams of
unsalted buff some walnuts chopped
walnuts 50 grams as well and some plain
flour again 50 grams easy peasy all the
50s and then the cupcakes are gonna made
even simpler 110 grams Seyfried
separation flour hundred and 10 grams of
caster sugar hopefully you can see that
in there kind of looks like snow but
that is definitely sugar promise
two eggs so you see that I'm a pizza
flakes here as well very nice manners
110 grams again unsalted butter cinnamon
bread by a teaspoon and out and give it
a kick and another Apple actually gonna
grate that Apple another one's really
appeal didn't shot to make it top in I
need some random things like a peeler
and obviously your trays and you katie's
it's pretty much it this is gonna be
nice and easy and hopefully darn yummy
but obviously you already know that by
now and let's just get going right okay
guys the first we're going to do is get
on these cupcakes any things and
basically put our cases in it boom there
we go then go so you'll see I've gone
for a white pink and turquoise effect
there okay there's 70 sort of flowery
design on there very hitman piece and
that make cupcakes not war okay so get
these all the way get this out the way
from Apple a quick video we're gonna
make the batter for the cupcakes this is
so easy base
keeping up with hope yes okay guys so
grab yourself a bowl and shove in your
butter
boom in that guy's okay now just add
your sugar as well now what you need to
do is
grab yourself a wooden spoon wow that
was cool I'm like a drum roll anyway
right ohsepr wooden spoon and cream this
together so keep staring and she'll go
nice and pale and creamy so stay away
okay
stay away like this okay there we go
guys they fill out that is all creamed
together and that actually is why they
call it creaming random fact grab
yourself your eggs crack them obviously
don't just put them in the bowl chuck
them in the mix okay so they split them
up and just put them in a little bit at
a time maybe half an egg that time and
then scratchy Stewart to this win that
okay okay guys first eggs dropped in so
stir that all in okay guys so that eggs
will mixed in as you can see it's all
loosened up a bit it's got a bit wetter
it's not so sticky so we're gonna just
shove in the other bit of egg just dump
the whole load in in fact that is what I
did I just job to making at a time so uh
yeah don't need to be too over the top
with it so just air that one in amazing
so that is super liquidy now so we need
to thicken that up let's grab our self
raising flour check that in stir that in
or fold it in like this mmm
that's kind of folding anyway that's my
best attempt SuperDuper and now that is
actually starting to look a lot more
like a batter mixture there was you know
is just grab a teaspoon of your cinnamon
dump that in there and I'm exciting
amazing guys every day that's what
sturdy and almost makes you look a bit
like chocolate mixture now also you can
use cocoa powder instead if you're going
down that route but that is cinnamon all
blended in awesome
so all you can do now is grab your Apple
now what you want to do is peel this and
then grate it okay so try and break as
much as he can and try to get any of
your finger in it so let's do that
wicked nice bold Apple grab a grater and
grate as much of that as you can
exciting guys that is a bowl of grated
apple and we're left with a call
obviously don't the pips in there
although the Apple does get sweeter the
more you get to the core I did learn
that once mm-hmm
but I'm sure we've got some good flavor
Apple in there anyway so what we're
gonna do with that
is it plunk it in our batter mix so uh
let's do that shall we and move on
yes wait hey in that plops lovely jubbly
what mix that all in
nice and good and proper okay right
funky Munky guys look alike
there is lumped now are you Apple so
don't be freaked out that is amazing
all you need to do is get your tray of
your cup cases and start the spoon the
mixture into each one boom
amazing never getting guys there will in
there about a tablespoon in each one was
enough and I've run out of mixture
actually so that's perfect all you to do
now is move on to our crumble topping so
get your other stuff out oh okay go so
the first thing I do is grab your Apple
and we're gonna peel it just like before
so do that right see you again at the
bold apple now I get my funky tool thing
which splits apples and cause it just
gonna place that over the Apple alright
say push down and that is amazing
gets me every time I love that invention
so out comes the core I've got the East
bit so what I'm gonna do is these little
segments and then cut them up even more
probably into quarters of that size done
okay go so I cut the Apple up a bit more
what smaller than cause as I said I've
gone until I little cubes so there we go
just like that that is done I've got a
saucepan on to heat there and I'm just
gonna grab my butter and pop that in
there cool so let's get cracking with
making this crumble
okay go it's pretty simple this one that
sauce is all melt in there so grab all
your ingredients oh you want up in the
head chef mug you like that put that in
there
how'd you sugar your flour and not
forgetting your apples I give that up
rubbing this clear together and what we
want to do is get it there's nice and
browned for gorgeous topping to go on
top of the mixture yep so that's all in
there so what we want to do is just keep
over that heat and stirring it until it
starts to change color and girl it with
dark especially the apples okay right
that's looking a lot Brown now we don't
to cook it too much otherwise that
starts to burn but you are getting a
good smell of the Walmarts getting will
heat it up an amazing smell it's not so
Christmas actually so what we need to do
is get that on top of our mixtures
so let's do that laughing ma boy hey
then guys I've just bring heated my oven
to gas mark 4 and I have got my tray
ready let's get this topping on there
well fantastic guys there we go to the
toppings all on there
extreme close-up Wow okay so let's get
that in our oven 15 to 20 minutes until
they're nice and risen brown and then we
can eat them so I'm gonna wash up I've
done about you maybe I have a drink
chill out do we want to do and then I'm
gonna eat some cakes baby right here the
guys it's been 20 minutes turn it round
halfway through and they are out and
looking good have a look
Wow nice and golden-brown so as you can
see I've got a wire tray
I'm gonna sit him on there for five
minutes to cool down nothing gonna eat
them yeah okay guys so they are all
cooled down and I've served them up with
some ice cream that is haagen-dazs if
you're interested by the way very good
ice cream if anyone from holidays was
watching it would like to send me some
free ice cream or any other brand
particular Ben and Jerry's you know feel
free to um anyway back to cupcakes these
are nice okay just roll up another thing
is I've got eleven more to eat so if I
can make that you can do it you know
your counter cakes believing yourself
have a go yourself
okay let me know how you get on and I
will see you on the next video bye bye